Update devtools docs after changes in Radon 1.3 (#952)
software-mansion/radon-ide: packages/docs/docs/features/dev-tools.md

sidebar_position: 7
---

Radon IDE comes with an experimental support for launching Dev Tools as separate panels withing VSCode or Cursor.

Currently, only limited set of tools is available.

> The Network Inspector and Redux tools are built into the Radon IDE and doesn't require any additional configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Network Inspector and Redux tools are built into the Radon IDE and don't require any additional configuration.
```

Therefore when you open the project next time in the IDE, the tool panel will launch automatically.
It will also be kept open when you switch between different devices across that project.

## Network Inspector

This panel doesn't require any additional configuration and should be available as soon as your app is launched.
Network panel will capture and list all requests triggeded by the JavaScript code (with HXR / fetch or wrappers like Axios/Apollo etc).
Images or websocket connections aren't currently supported and won't show up.

<img width="700" src="/img/docs/ide_devtools_network_inspector.png" className="shadow-image" />

## Redux

> This plugin doesn't require any additional configutation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin doesn't require any additional configuration.
```

If your app uses Redux, the IDE will automatically detect that, and Redux plugin will be listed in the Dev Tools menu where you can enable it.
Once enabled you will be able to use the official Redux UI (same one as the Redux Chrome extension) from within your editor panel:

<img width="700" src="/img/docs/ide_devtools_redux.png" className="shadow-image" />

## Redux (via Expo Devtools Plugin)

We recommend that you use the built-in Redux dev tool as described in the above section which requires no extra setup.
However, if your workflow rely on using Expo CLI and you need to have the [Expo Redux Devtool Plugin](https://docs.expo.dev/debugging/devtools-plugins/#redux) setup in your project, IDE will automatically detect that and will use the Redux devtools via the installed plugin.

> There should be no difference as far as functionality in each of those options, so it is only a matter of convinience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There should be no difference as far as functionality with either of those options, so it is only a matter of convenience.
```
